chore: removes kmw prefix use from KMW event docs (#1078)
keymanapp/help.keyman.com: developer/engine/web/17.0/reference/events/index.md

---

> title: Events - main index

Reviewer: ```suggestion
title: Events - Keyman Engine for Web
```

I don't think we need 'main index' in the title but we should be trying to use the term 'Keyman Engine for Web' consistently

---

> A number of KeymanWeb events are exposed to allow the designer of a user

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A number of events are exposed to allow the designer of a user
```

I don't really like this whole paragraph. There's more to the events than just 'allowing the designer of a user interface to ... ' but probably outside the scope

There are two components of the engine that specify events:  the primary
`keyman` object and the primary on-screen keyboard object, accessible at
`keyman.osk`.

Object events are handled in user code by passing the handler entry to
the object, using *addEventListener()*.

---

### Base-engine events (on `keyman`)

[`beforekeyboardchange`](keyman/beforekeyboardchange)
:   Called when keyboard input language about to change.

<!-- -->

[`controlblurred`](keyman/controlblurred)
:   Called when input element loses focus.

<!-- -->

[`controlfocused`](keyman/controlfocused)
:   Called when input element receives focus.

<!-- -->

[`keyboardchange`](keyman/keyboardchange)
:   Called when keyboard input language changed.

<!-- -->

[`keyboardloaded`](keyman/keyboardloaded)
:   Called when keyboard code loaded.
<!-- -->

[`keyboardregistered`](keyman/keyboardregistered)
:   Called when keyboard 'stub' processed (for listing as available
    keyboard).

<!-- -->

[`loaduserinterface`](keyman/loaduserinterface)
:   Called when allow ui initialization.

<!-- -->

[`unloaduserinterface`](keyman/unloaduserinterface)
:   Called when allow ui clean-up.

> For example, to define a user function to handle the KeymanWeb core

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For example, to define a user function to handle the KeymanWeb
```

> kmw.keyboardchange event, include:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`keyboardchange` event, include:
```

``` typescript
keyman.addEventListener('keyboardchange',
  function(p)
  {

>     ui.updateMenu(p['internalName'],p['languageCode']);

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    ui.updateMenu(p.internalName,p.languageCode);
```

Let's fixup some of those unnecessary `['']` google closure compiler things

  });

```

---

> ### OSK events (on `keyman.osk`)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### `keyman.osk` On Screen Keyboard events
```

[`configclick`](osk/configclick)
:   Called when allows the UI to present KeymanWeb configuration
    options.

<!-- -->

[`helpclick`](osk/helpclick)
:   Called when allows the UI to present a help page.

<!-- -->

[`hide`](osk/hide)
:   Called when OSK hidden.

<!-- -->

[`resizemove`](osk/resizemove)
:   Called when OSK resized or moved on desktop.

<!-- -->

[`show`](osk/show)
:   Called when OSK displayed.

> For example, to facilitate a user function to modify the user interface when the on-screen

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For example, add an event handler to modify the user interface when the on-screen
```

Author: ```suggestion
For example, to add an event handler that modifies the user interface when the on-screen
```

keyboard is displayed:

``` typescript
keyman.osk.addEventListener('show',
  function(p)
  {

>     ui.updateUI(p['x'],p['y'],p['userLocated']);

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    ui.updateUI(p.x, p.y, p.userLocated);
```
